README.md, before:

# Exploring Features of TF2.0 By Developing a Cat/Dog Classifier

This project in Deep Learning aims to explore features in Tensorflow 2.0 by developing Cat/Dog classifier and evaluating their performance.
Kaggle's [Dogs vs. Cats](https://www.kaggle.com/c/dogs-vs-cats) dataset is used for this project. Three different classifiers are built in this project and the model weights are
available for download via the following [link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/16VaFrnGMxrNb1TVnPSBvoO9_5R3OcJFc?usp=sharing).
Further, the efficiency of the developed models is evaluated by inferencing on random images of cats & dogs downloaded from the internet. The inference dataset has been uploaded to
this repository and is avilable in the following folders:
- *CatDogClassifierInferenceImages.zip* : contains inference images of cats & dogs downloaded from the internet.
- *CatDogTogetherInferenceImages.zip* : this folder contains images where both cat & dog are present in the same image; these images are used to gain an intuition of the features which impact the developed models' predictions.

Commit message:

Updated READ ME file with synopsis of the project

README.md, after:

# Exploring Features of TF2.0 By Developing a Cat/Dog Classifier

This project in Deep Learning aims to explore features in Tensorflow 2.0 by developing Cat/Dog classifier and evaluating their performance.
Kaggle's [Dogs vs. Cats](https://www.kaggle.com/c/dogs-vs-cats) dataset is used for this project. Three different classifiers are built in this project and the model weights are
available for download via the following [link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/16VaFrnGMxrNb1TVnPSBvoO9_5R3OcJFc?usp=sharing).
The *BuildingCatDogClassifierInTF2.ipynb* Jupyter Notebook describes the entire project and the results/observations.
Further, the efficiency of the developed models is evaluated by inferencing on random images of cats & dogs downloaded from the internet. The inference dataset has been uploaded to
this repository and is avilable in the following folders:
- *CatDogClassifierInferenceImages.zip* : contains inference images of cats & dogs downloaded from the internet.
- *CatDogTogetherInferenceImages.zip* : this folder contains images where both cat & dog are present in the same image; these images are used to gain an intuition of the features which impact the developed models' predictions.
